ramp bill pay now Imports bills directly
from your accounting system so you can
keep creating bills exactly as you do
today while unlocking more ways to pay
and greater efficiency here we're
looking at our open bills in our
accounting system these are bills that
have already been created and approved
in ramp we can enable Bill importing and
these bills will automatically sync into
ramp no manual uploads or extra steps
needed imported bills land in the for
payment tab ready to be scheduled and as
new bills are created will automatically
bring them in too so nothing gets missed
imported bills include all key details
like vender amount and invoice number
you can also easily navigate to your
accounting system to reference the
original
bill with ramp you have multiple ways to
pay ACH check wire or card ramp even
Flags opportunities to pay by card
helping you maximize cash back whenever
possible now let's prepare our
payment we can bulk select and see that
ramp has batch payments going to the
same
vendor we're also able to schedule when
we want our payments to go out let's
schedule these payments for
today and just like that all of our
imported bills are set for payment
once bills are paid in ramp they're
automatically updated in your accounting
system keeping everything in sync
without extra
work whether you need a complete
accounts payable solution or just a
better way to pay ramp gives you the
flexibility to manage payments more
efficiently